Links: .NET Desktop - framework\wpf (#109)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/wpf/advanced/how-to-enable-visual-styles-in-a-hybrid-application.md

ms.assetid: 95de9b9c-d804-405c-b2d1-49a88c1e0fe1
---
# How to: Enable Visual Styles in a Hybrid Application

This topic shows how to enable visual styles on a Windows Forms control hosted in a [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_winclient](../../../includes/tla2sharptla-winclient-md.md)]-based application.  
  
 If your application calls the <xref:System.Windows.Forms.Application.EnableVisualStyles%2A> method, most of your Windows Forms controls will automatically use visual styles. For more information, see [Rendering Controls with Visual Styles](/dotnet/framework/winforms/controls/rendering-controls-with-visual-styles).  
  

>  For a complete code listing of the tasks illustrated in this topic, see [Enabling Visual Styles in a Hybrid Application Sample](/samples/browse/).  

Reviewer: Fix sample
```suggestion
 For a complete code listing of the tasks illustrated in this topic, see [Enabling Visual Styles in a Hybrid Application Sample](https://github.com/microsoft/WPF-Samples/tree/master/Migration%20and%20Interoperability/HostingWfWithVisualStyles).  
```
